Vectoriezed playing cards, cleaned up to work as part of other projects
================================================================================
This is a fork of [Chris Aguilar's Vectorized Playing Cards 2.0][FORK],
Copyright 2015, Chris Aguilar and Powershop NZ.

This complete set of 52 playing card faces (plus two jokers) is based off the
standard set dating  back to the late 1900's and in use in most modern decks
today. The cards were initially scanned from a real deck at 600 DPI and then
auto traced with Inkscape ( www.inkscape.org ) as a starting point. Nearly
every line/node was redrawn from this initial starting point and then optimized
to decrease file size and create cleaner curves, sharper transitions, etc.

For .SVG capable editors (Inkscape and Illustrator CS2 tested)the cards are
offered as complete sets of 52 (full color, gray-scale, and high contrast B/W).
All three of those sets are also offered in Illustrator .eps format. A file
containing various card elements (pips, numbers,etc.) is included for those for
those who need to use those discrete vectors.

Since these vectors were created for and optimized for use in Inkscape in .SVG
format,it's my recommendation to use that program in conjunction with these
vectors.

For Release 2.0 many new simple pattern backs and specialized card faces sets
have been created, but these require the use of Inkscape.

A small set of ESP cards added.

When using this library, please include with your project (be it a book,
program, derivative work, etc) the following attribution/credit per the LGPL
3.0 licensing terms:

Vectorized Playing Cards 2.0 Graphics Library is free software: you can
redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General
Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version
3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

Vectorized Playing Cards 2.0 Library is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser
General Public License for more details.

The work is duel Licensed under [LGPL 3][LGPL] and [GPL 3][GPL].

  [FORK]: http://sourceforge.net/projects/vector-cards/
  [GPL]: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html
  [LGPL]: http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html
